=================== Release 00046 ================================
This Release Notes file covers these blobs:
 * QcLib.elf

Version : 00046

Release Date : May, 2022

Supported Silicon : SC7180

No special instructions, requirements or dependencies, files must be
present in this folder to be pulled in during coreboot build

Changes since last version :
 *  Longsys support fix
 *  Cleanup of edk2 on Trogdor

Errata : Nothing to report

Toolchain Version : LLVM 12.0.0

ABI Info : see qclib-interface.txt

=================== Release 00044 ================================
This Release Notes file covers these blobs:
 * QcLib.elf
 * dcb_slow.bin

Version : 00044

Release Date : Apr, 2022

Supported Silicon : SC7180

No special instructions, requirements or dependencies, files must be
present in this folder to be pulled in during coreboot build

Changes since last version :
 *  SC7180P ChipID Addition
 * 	Cleanup of edk2 on Trogdor
 *  Addition of second dcb to support slow ddr freq

Errata : Nothing to report

Toolchain Version : LLVM 12.0.0

ABI Info : see qclib-interface.txt

=================== Release 00042 ================================
This Release Notes file covers these blobs:
 * QcLib.elf
 * dcb.bin

Version : 00042

Release Date : Apr, 2022

Supported Silicon : SC7180

No special instructions, requirements or dependencies, files must be
present in this folder to be pulled in during coreboot build

Changes since last version :
 *  Basetools to update for python3

Errata : Nothing to report

Toolchain Version : LLVM 12.0.0

ABI Info : see qclib-interface.txt

=================== Release 00037 ================================
This Release Notes file covers these blobs:
 * QcLib.elf
 * dcb.bin

Version : 00037

Release Date : Mar, 2022

Supported Silicon : SC7180

No special instructions, requirements or dependencies, files must be
present in this folder to be pulled in during coreboot build

Changes since last version :
 *  Rennell LC | Micron 8GB bitflip issue during WMM fix

Errata : Nothing to report

Toolchain Version : LLVM 12.0.0

ABI Info : see qclib-interface.txt

=================== Release 00035 ================================
This Release Notes file covers these blobs:
 * QcLib.elf

Version : 00035

Release Date : Dec, 2021

Supported Silicon : SC7180

No special instructions, requirements or dependencies, files must be
present in this folder to be pulled in during coreboot build

Changes since last version :
 *  LLVM update to 12.0.0

Errata : Nothing to report

Toolchain Version : LLVM 12.0.0

ABI Info : see qclib-interface.txt

=================== Release 00030 ================================
This Release Notes file covers these blobs:
 * QcLib.elf

Version : 00030

Release Date : Sep, 2021

Supported Silicon : SC7180

No special instructions, requirements or dependencies, files must be
present in this folder to be pulled in during coreboot build

Changes since last version :
 *  Second Source eMMC/DDR QSIP stability issue fix

Errata : Nothing to report

Toolchain Version : LLVM 10.0.0

ABI Info : see qclib-interface.txt

=================== Release 00029 ================================
This Release Notes file covers these blobs:
 * QcLib.elf

Version : 00029

Release Date : Aug, 2021

Supported Silicon : SC7180

No special instructions, requirements or dependencies, files must be
present in this folder to be pulled in during coreboot build

Changes since last version :
 *  Remove IPA scaling and proxy voting from Boot
 *  SMMU invalidation failure fix

Errata : Nothing to report

Toolchain Version : LLVM 10.0.0

ABI Info : see qclib-interface.txt

=================== Release 00024 ================================
This Release Notes file covers these blobs:
 * QcLib.elf

Version : 00024

Release Date : December 24, 2020

Supported Silicon : SC7180

No special instructions, requirements or dependencies, files must be
present in this folder to be pulled in during coreboot build

Changes since last version :
 * Skip programming at low power configuration in QCLib

Errata : Nothing to report

Toolchain Version : LLVM 10.0.0

ABI Info : see qclib-interface.txt

=================== Release 00023 ================================
This Release Notes file covers these blobs:
 * QcLib.elf

Version : 00023

Release Date : December 09, 2020

Supported Silicon : SC7180

No special instructions, requirements or dependencies, files must be
present in this folder to be pulled in during coreboot build

Changes since last version :
 * Update XO adjust to fix frequency error

Errata : Nothing to report

Toolchain Version : LLVM 10.0.0

ABI Info : see qclib-interface.txt

=================== Release 00022 ================================
This Release Notes file covers these blobs:
 * QcLib.elf

Version : 00022

Release Date : November 03, 2020

Supported Silicon : SC7180

No special instructions, requirements or dependencies, files must be
present in this folder to be pulled in during coreboot build

Changes since last version :
 * Remove Limitsisense library in QCLib
 * MBA vulnerability fixes

Errata : Nothing to report

Toolchain Version : LLVM 10.0.0

ABI Info : see qclib-interface.txt

=================== Release 00020 ================================
This Release Notes file covers these blobs:
 * dcb.bin
 * Pmic.bin
 * QcLib.elf

Version : 00020

Release Date : September 21, 2020

Supported Silicon : SC7180

No special instructions, requirements or dependencies, files must be
present in this folder to be pulled in during coreboot build

Changes since last version :
 * Boot time profiling optimizations in QCLib
 * PMIC config changes for display
 * GPIO config changes
 * LLVM toolchain upgrade
 * clock fixes in QCLib

Errata : Nothing to report

Toolchain Version : LLVM 10.0.0

ABI Info : see qclib-interface.txt

=================== Release 00359 ================================
This Release Notes file covers these blobs:
 * dcb.bin
 * Pmic.bin
 * QcLib.elf

Version : 00359

Release Date : September 19, 2019

Supported Silicon : SC7180

No special instructions, requirements or dependencies, files must be
present in this folder to be pulled in during coreboot build

Changes since last version :
 * Perform SoC
 * PMIC initialization
 * DDR initialization

Errata : Nothing to report

Toolchain Version : LLVM 6.0.0

ABI Info : see qclib-interface.txt
